for Roy Lagoon catamarans new flagship
it's a 77 sailing cat which will be
introduced as a 78 power cat next year
now this cat has the same dimensions as
a tennis court if you can imagine that
we're going to focus on three features
here the flybridge with the super yacht
style console nice carbon fiber wheels
and all of the control lines let's up
here to the five winches we're also
going to take a look at the spacious
salon and a surprise in the master
stateroom the lagoon 77 is expected to
be a crewed yacht whether that's in
private or charter ownership so it comes
in three four or five cabin versions and
the galley is always connected to crew
quarters and it can be either forward or
aft and then on the main deck there's
all this and the space continues one
level down in this master stateroom with
a full walk-in closet a king-size bed a
desk a lounge and a very big head with
two sinks and now for that surprise I
promised you that master stateroom has
its own hydraulically activated balcony
if this kind of seaside living appeals
to you you really should take a look at
the lagoon 77
boat insurance a key knighted marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters